Hi, guys, I'm in clown trial and this is the main dashboard, and we can see a list of events in the
account here.
So I choose view all events.
It's going to load a series of events.
And this is all the stuff we've been doing recently in the labs.
So you can see where we've got some remove targets, delete rules, delete key where we had that excuse.
Q We've terminated an easy two instance and you can see the I.D. You've got the excuse.
Q Your URL there.
And if you go down, obviously you see quite a lot more.
We've got a confirmed subscription which would have been S.A.S. and you can expand each of these as
well and see a bit more information, including the event ID.
And so everything that we're seeing here is relevant to the Oregon region because we're in Oregon at
the moment and we don't have a trial configured that is all regions.
So, for instance, if I head over now to the Sydney region, where I obviously do quite a bit of work
in the console, we've got a lot more events here and there are different events.
So we're seeing completely different events now.
Now, if we want to keep a record of these longer, then we can go and create a trial.
So if I choose create a trial and we can give the trial a name, like I'm going to call this my Sydney
trial and we can choose to apply to all regions or just one region.
I'm going to choose just this region and you can apply it to an organisation as well.
I'm going to leave the default here.
So this is management events.
So remember, these are the records of actions performed on or within your resources.
I'm going to leave it at all.
We can log Kamus events as well, the key management service, and you can choose to log inside events.
We haven't got that enabled now.
And that's not something we're covering at this stage because it's not in the exam.
And then you've got your data events here.
So remember, this is like the S3 and LAMDA event, so you can record the object level API activity.
I'm going to leave that off and then I can choose to create a new bucket or just choose one of my existing
buckets.
So I scroll down, I just go down and choose DCT labs and choose create.
So that's it.
We've now got our trial active and this is not a multi region trial.
It's not an organisation trial.
We don't have any prefixes or anything and we didn't associate a cloud logs like group.
But nonetheless, it's going to record some information.
We can go in here if we wanted to reconfigure it at all, and if we head over to Amazon as free.
And let's scroll down to our Descamps bucket and let's see what's being created in here.
And we can see we have this adewusi logs.
So let's go in there and see the account ID.
And then we've got cloud travel folders here and there's nothing in that one year and just go in and
there's nothing in that one.
Yeah, but basically this is where it's going to start logging data now.
So it's going to log activity in the account.
Of course we're not doing anything at this stage in the account, but once we start creating resources,
modifying or deleting resources, you're going to start seeing entries being recorded in this folder.
So that's it for just a really quick overview of the cloud trial console.